1. What are the naming requirements for variables in your language?

C++ is a statically typed language. That is, when you initilize a variable it must have a type. Variables are also 
defined during compile time. 

1. What about naming conventions? Are they enforced by the compiler/interpreter, or are they
just standards in the community?

C++ naming styles closely follow Java conventions. Most if not all variables start with a lowercase character and continue using camelCase.
This isn't forced by the compiler though most programmers prefer this style themselves. Other than that, numbers are allowed and special characters (with the exception of _) 
are not allowed. 

2. Is your language statically or dynamically typed?

C++ is a statically typed language. 

3. Strongly typed or weakly typed?

C++ is considered weakly typed because, due to type-casting, one can interpret a field of a 
structure that was an integer as a pointer.

4. If you put this line (or something similar) in a program and try to print x, what does it do? If it
doesn't compile, why? Is there something you can do to make it compile?
x = "5" + 6

This line of code would not compile in C++. You would first need to define what type x is and make "5" into a string. 
You cannot concatinate strings and integers in C++. 

5. Describe the limitations (or lack thereof) of your programming language as they relate to the
coding portion of the assignment (adding ints and floats, storing different types in lists, etc).
Are there other restrictions or pitfalls that the documentation mentions that you need to be
aware of?

As far as I'm aware, there were't any limitations C++ presents regarding the coding portion of this assignment. I had no trouble initilizing 
different variables. 

6. How do type conversions work in your language? Are the conversions narrowing or widening,
and do they work by default or do they have to be declared by the programmer?

Type conversions in C++ can be done implicitly or explicitly. Either by simply using a variable in a different way or by typecasting. Some 
conversions work by default and others need to be declared by the programmer. 
